# Noire
Last updated: 9/4/2023 \
Updated by: Hank Xu

## Setup
This project uses *Unity 2022.3.1f1*. \

***Please fork this repo to your own github. \
Create a pull request if you want changes to be made to the main repo***

## Gameplay
`q/e` rotates camera left or right \
`left click` basic attack \
`wasd` movement \
`mouse scroll` zoom in/out \

## Documentation
### Camera
The game uses isometric perspective and a orthographic camera. Cameras are controlled by the script `CameraMovements.cs`. 

### Player
See `Player\Player.cs` and `Player\PlayerAnimator.cs`.

### Lighting
The game features a day and night cycle, controlled by `Lighting\LightingManager.cs` script. Visual effects also include fireflies and volumetric lighting. Both of which are particle systems.

### Terrain/Grass
The game uses a FlatKit toon shader, and uses an overview camera to render the toon effects to a render texture, which is then sampled by the grass material. This allows the grass to blend with the texture they are on and create distinct edges between colors as specified by the toon shader. See `Shaders\GrassLit.shadergraph` for more details. 

- [ ] Write our own terrain shader
- [ ] Modulate `Terrain\TerrainMapping.cs` to setup the camera automatically according to terrain size.

The terrain module also includes a road builder using the Unity `Spline` class. I have written a editor and overlay panel for junctions where we can procedurally generate road meshes from splines (bezier curves). Attach `Terrain\Road\SplineRoad.cs` to a game object to get started. *This feature is currently unused*

### Weapon
All weapons should extend the weapon base class `Weapon\Weapon.cs`. The blade smear is procedurally generated by using two splines and uses the helper class `Helpers\SplineMeshBuilder.cs` to generate a mesh between the two splines in real time. See `Weapon\BladeSmear.cs` for more.

### Others
Dynamic cloud shadows are rendered to the cloud plane first. This is currently another Unity Asset Package.

- [ ] Read and understand how the clouds are shaded.
- [ ] Create tooned cloud shadowing effects.

### Enemies
Enemies should extend the base class `Enemies\Enemy.cs`. 
- [ ] Finish setting up the enemy base class